What are the three research-oriented degrees offered by Berkeley EECS?
Which Berkeley EECS degree is designed as a professional master's degree?
When is Cal Day 2026?
Who leads the GamesCrafters group?
What does PiE stand for?
What is Dan Klein's office number?
What is Dan Garcia's office number?
What is Grayson Johnston's email?
What is Claire Tomlin's office?
What is James Demmel's phone number?
What is Kannan Ramchandran's office?
Who won the Department Citation in 2024-2025?
Who won the CS Major Citation in 2024-2025?
Who won the C.V. Ramamoorthy Distinguished Research Award in 2024-2025?
When was the Lotfi A. Zadeh Prize established?
What GPA is required to be eligible for the Jim and Donna Gray Endowment Award?
What is Berkeley EECS's US News ranking for Computer Science grad programs in 2025?
What is Berkeley's Times Higher Education World University Ranking for Computer Science in 2026?
What was EECS total undergraduate enrollment in Fall 2023?
What percentage of EECS undergraduates are female?
How many IEEE Fellows are among EECS faculty?
How many degree programs does EECS offer?
Who are the advisors for Jessy Lin's PhD dissertation?
Who is the advisor for Nikita Mehandru and Niloufar Salehi's thesis?
When was Mehandru and Salehi's thesis published?
What does NASA stand for?
How many individuals were inducted to the ACM CHI Academy this year?
Who wrote the article about Eric Paulos's election to the ACM CHI Academy?
What email should EECS faculty submit visiting appointment requests to?
When was Dawn Song named a MacArthur Fellow?
What does BAIR stand for?
What is the course number for Advanced Robotics at Berkeley?
What is the minimum GPA required for the SUPERB program?
Where do SUPERB participants stay on campus?
What citizenship status is required for SUPERB?
What is the maximum word count for the SUPERB research interest statement?
Who is the EECS Department Chair?
Who is the CS Division Vice Chair for Graduate Matters?
Who is the CS Division Vice Chair for Undergraduate Study?
What is Jelani Nelson's email?
What was Jelani Nelson's PhD field?
Who is Jelani Nelson's research support contact?
What is Glenna Anton's office?
Who is the Masters Degrees Advisor?
What is the EE graduate advising email?
What benchmark does Jessy Lin introduce in her dissertation?
What is the title of Jessy Lin's PhD dissertation?
What is the Berkeley equivalent course for data structures?
What is the Berkeley course number for Operating Systems and System Programming?
What is Ken Goldberg's office?
Where did Björn Hartmann receive his PhD?
Where did Marti Hearst receive her PhD?
Where did Nika Haghtalab receive her PhD?
When are Joshua Hug’s office hours?
Who should applicants contact with questions about the EECS Lecturer Pool?
Are the EECS Lecturer Pool positions tenure-track?
What is the deadline for the EECS Lecturer Pool application?
What anniversary did BEARS 2023 celebrate?
What is the course number for Introduction to Robotics in Spring 2026?
Where is ELENG 117 held in Spring 2026?
Where is EECS 16A held in Spring 2026?
What is the course title for EECS 219C?
What is the grading basis for EE 198?
Who won the CS Distinguished Alumni Award in 2024?
Who was Lars Rasmussen's PhD advisor?
What did John Schulman co-found?
Who was Dana Angluin's PhD advisor?
What year did James Gray receive his PhD?
How many enrollments does EECS serve each year?
Who is the Director of Undergraduate Student Instruction for EECS?
Are all PhD candidates in EECS required to serve as a GSI?
What paper won the DAC Most Influential Paper Award for 2010-2020?
What honor did Sewon Min receive for her dissertation?
What is the title of Sewon Min's doctoral dissertation?
What fellowship was Stuart Russell elected to in 2025?
What field was Michael Jordan's PhD in?
What is Tsu-Jae King Liu's office?
What field was Scott Shenker's PhD in?
Who did Hesse select as Assistant Professor of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering in 1893?
What was Joseph Gier's distinction when promoted to associate professor in 1953?
What Turing Award-winning work did William Kahan receive recognition for?
What does RAID stand for in the context of Berkeley research?
What program pioneered computer-aided design for microelectronics at Berkeley?
What company is Vigyan Singhal Vice President of Hardware Engineering at?
What year did Vigyan Singhal receive his PhD from Berkeley?
Who were the 2025 Distinguished EECS Alumni Award recipients?
Who is Gary May?
What do EE CPT participants need to submit at the end of their internship?
Who is listed as advisor for EECS graduate student CPT requests?
What email should CS undergraduates use for CPT requests?
What is the annual membership cost for the CAP program?
What does CAP stand for?
What is the title of Chelsea Finn's PhD dissertation?
Who advised Lingqi Yan's dissertation?
What is the title of Ruoxi Jia's dissertation?
When was Jacob Andreas's dissertation published?
What class of models does Jacob Andreas introduce in his dissertation?
What is the technical report number for Jacob Andreas's dissertation?
How long is the walk from downtown Berkeley BART to campus?
What are the two intersecting streets at the EECS Department location?